docs: update theming documentation (#125)
Elonsoft/elonkit-react: src/documentation/theming.stories.mdx

## Typography

Typography is based on the guidelines from the Material Design spec and is arranged into typography levels. Each level

> has a font-size, line-height, font-weight and letter-spacing. Typography can be customized via `typography` prop in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has a font-size, line-height, font-weight and letter-spacing. Typography can be customized via `typography` key in `createTheme` options. 
```

`ThemeProvider`:

```tsx
// Default typography
import { createTypography } from '@elonkit/react';

const theme = createTheme({
  palette: {
    ...palettes.common,
    ...palettes.light,

>     typography: createTypography

Reviewer: Это не вложено в palette, а на одном уровне с ним.
